KOGITO-9459 Review Dev UI extension guide (#398)
kiegroup/kogito-docs: serverlessworkflow/modules/ROOT/pages/testing-and-troubleshooting/quarkus-dev-ui-extension/quarkus-dev-ui-monitoring-page.adoc

= Monitoring in Kogito Serverless Workflow Tools extension
:compat-mode!:
// Metadata:
:description: Monitoring in Kogito Serverless Workflow Tools extension
:keywords: kogito, workflow, serverless, Quarkus, Dev UI, monitoring

> In the Kogito Serverless Workflow Tools extension, the *Monitoring* page displays default dashboards that might be useful

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the {product_name} Tools extension, the *Monitoring* page displays default dashboards that might be useful
```
Can you use this variable instead? https://github.com/kiegroup/kogito-docs/blob/main/serverlessworkflow/antora.yml#L13

while developing a workflow.

.Monitoring Summary tab
image::testing-and-troubleshooting/quarkus-dev-ui-extension/kogito-swf-tools-monitoring-summary.png[]

In the *Summary* tab you will find the list of workflows with the following details:

* Amount of workflows on each status.
* Average time spent on each workflow state.
* List of workflows executed and their details.

== Viewing detailed information about the execution of workflow instances
To view detailed information about a specific workflow instance execution, you can use the *Workflows* tab. There you
can find details such as when the workflow was started, its state and how much time its execution took. Also, you can
check how much time was spent on each state.

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view detailed information about a specific workflow instance execution, you can use the *Workflows* tab. In the *Workflows* tab, you can find details such as when the workflow started, its state, and how long its execution took. Also, you can check how much time was spent on each state.
```

Author: Fixed, thanks.
